Are you a fan?
Chufan, are you crazy?
You know the opinion crowd today
How many of them were singers?
Loyal fans of Liafan
In front of these people
Pretending to be their puppet in public
Do you still want to get married in music?
Unknown thing
The top gifters behind the Golden Melody Awards
It's the cloud of Skylark International
He's Fan's biggest fan.
If only he knew
You are here pretending to be his most sacred idol
Then you're dead.
Who am I?
It's not something you can decide with a single sentence
I'm going to the ceremony
Get out of the way and stop
You don't think you want to run now
Is it too late?
We don't know you.
Doesn't Miss Jiang know you either?
5 years of marriage
With the essence of being a wimp
It has long been exposed in front of him
you
I think so too
I know you've always wanted to do something
I hope you will be like a man in my heart
But your impractical
The thought of daydreaming just makes me feel cheap
Chop out the door
Stop pretending
Mr. Chen has given you many opportunities
Ok next time
I fell
What I said is true.
I don't have to choose with anyone
Okay, fake is fake.
It's useless to say more.
You're not even qualified to be here at all
Stay here and don't want to go
Then I'll help you.
Come
This person trespassed on the ceremony
blatant fraud
Send him out to me
You guys are so brave
Sexy threat Mr. Chu